Precise event naming convention (#14)
coinbase/solidity-style-guide: README.md

#### 3. Event names should be past tense.

For example, `OwnerUpdated` not `UpdateOwner`.

> Events should track things that _happened_ and so should be past tense. Using past tense also helps avoid naming collisions with structs or functions. We also recommend following the `WhatAction`(e.g. `OwnerUpdated`) format rather than `ActionWhat` (e.g. `UpdatedOwner`).

Reviewer: Maybe more clear to use parts of speech naming? 
```suggestion
Events should track things that _happened_ and so should be past tense. Using past tense also helps avoid naming collisions with structs or functions. We also recommend following the `SubjectVerb`(e.g. `OwnerUpdated`) format rather than `VerbSubject` (e.g. `UpdatedOwner`).
```

> Events should track things that _happened_ and so should be past tense. Using past tense also helps avoid naming collisions with structs or functions. We also recommend following the `SubjectVerb`(e.g. `OwnerUpdated`) format rather than `VerbSubject` (e.g. `UpdatedOwner`).

Reviewer: Sorry @xenoliss one more comment here. I think `We also recommend...` could be its own rule? Not sure we need to bundle with past tense
